well welcome to the juicy Food Network
which you guys missed me okay this is
what we're gonna make tonight we're
going to have some coffee and biscuits
and this is a quick biscuit but also
could be frozen what I have here my
whole there's three cups of all-purpose
flour we got four teaspoons of sugar
we have teaspoon of salt we also have
black teaspoons of baking powder and now
we're going to do that all that together
and just mix all your grind reviews
together like so and then what we're
going to do you're going to add two cups
of milk
is going to store all that up and come
out like you just there like a place you
don't sticky so you know you all of this
together until it comes together just
going to come out very sticky
well
so I'm going to keep mixing this and
then I will be back hey guys I have
another couple of flowers and put 4 cups
of water if you're new do not know it's
really supposed to do with cream ok so
now since we have it like this what
we're going to do it goes with your hair
and put flour over our hands we're going
to get something off your hands and
we're going to just roll up a little bit
you'll never want to smell okay and that
it's messy but it's worth it
okay and the mandibular just keep on
turning back and forth
they'll come together
it's like a biscuit
place it on our butter she
cookie sheet here
what's up
inside of your home
like I said keep adding a little bit of
clause that it could start moving
reading in man and I'm going to go ahead
and fill up my place
and that's what's gonna come out
and you can just show you that I'm older
I got the oven set at 350 or who you so
we'll be right back
okay guys I'm back and I won't put them
all on the cookie sheet and this is what
we're going to do now what you wanna do
is you wanna go through our fingers and
just make a dent in the middle of them
okay
well suppose we're gonna do a little bit
more poppy this area lab and then we're
going to bake them at 350 for 20 minutes
then I'm going to continuously direction
because it is all summer and the oven
does 107 let it rip so that's what they
look like so far you guys can see the
little bits are just moving the top you
get a pretty big batch oval and then as
soon as they are in 20 minutes I'll come
back and show you guys a bit of like
okay I'm back instead about 20 minutes
they took at least another 10 so
afternoon Ripper 20 person overkill now
they're nice and fluffy and then what
you're going to do is afterwards you're
going to get some better and resolves
nor the power and they're not
and that makes them nice and funny and
I'm so very good so these are the
biscuits and eleven really somebody's
coming hours and something for coffee
and biscuits with little Jam is that
something's different tonight uneasy
don't have to work you stormed by your
character and everybody goes i have
biscuit with them some draw your load
well yeah cup of coffee so there's the
biscuit that's what they look like and I
hope you guys enjoyed this segment this
is the Gypsy Food Network and the check
you guys out next time so I hope you
guys enjoyed this recipe with the
biscuits Ekadasi
cut one open just so that you guys can
see it so some biscuit and a whole lid
with the bow on it and then even put
some jam in it so this wanted to say God
bless all the subscribers all the
friends thanks for stopping in and
they'll all agree with progress
Oh